Line edit About.md (#5625)
ocaml/opam: doc/pages/About.md

# opam

## A Little Bit of History

### opam

> Thomas Gazagnaire of Tarides wrote the [first specification draft of opam](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/blob/30598a59c98554057ce2beda80f0d31474b94150/specs/roadmap.pdf?raw=true) at the end of Jan 2012, when he was still working with OCamlPro. The specification was reviewed by Fabrice Le Fessant (OCamlPro/INRIA), Yaron Minsky of Jane Street (who funded the project), and Anil Madhavapeddy (University of Cambridge) who needed a source-based package manager to manage libraries emerging from the MirageOS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thomas Gazagnaire (OCamlPro, at the time) wrote the [first specification draft of opam](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/blob/30598a59c98554057ce2beda80f0d31474b94150/specs/roadmap.pdf?raw=true) at the end of Jan 2012. The specification was reviewed by Fabrice Le Fessant (OCamlPro/INRIA), Yaron Minsky of Jane Street (who funded the project), and Anil Madhavapeddy (University of Cambridge) who needed a source-based package manager to manage libraries emerging from the MirageOS project.
```

> At about the same time, Frederic Tuong, an intern from Inria started to implement [the first version of opam](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/commits/master?page=112)

Reviewer: The link is again outdated

Author: Do you know the updated link?

(called `ocp-get` at the time) at the end of Feb 2012. The DORM research grant funded this project in collaboration with OCamlPro and IRILL. Frederic also started to create the

> [first opam packages](https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/commits/master?page=200) 

Reviewer: This link is outdated. This is now showing commits from last year

Author: Do you know what link it should be?

`aspcud` external solver, if available.

At the end of 2012, Vincent Bernardoff and Guillem Rieu (from OCamlPro) worked for a few months on improving the documentation and ease of use of opam for newcomers. They created [opam2web](https://github.com/ocaml/opam2web), the tool used to generate https://opam.ocaml.org.

The [first public beta of opam](http://www.ocamlpro.com/blog/2013/01/17/opam-beta.html)
 was released in Jan 2013, and a few
months later (in March 2013), [the first official release landed](http://www.ocamlpro.com/blog/2013/03/14/opam-1.0.0.html).
A few days later, Louis Gesbert (who joined OCamlPro in Dec 2012)
pushed [his first commit](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/commit/c56cf5e1e244cee9f707da8b682996bbc5dd31ff)
to the codebase. In Nov 2013,
[opam 1.1.0](https://opam.ocaml.org/blog/opam-1-1-0-released/) was released and Louis became the
technical lead. A months later, [opam 1.1.1](https://opam.ocaml.org/blog/opam-1-1-1-released/) with numerous bug fixes.

> ### `opam-repository``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `opam-repository`
```

Meanwhile, in June 2012, MirageOS started to use opam (as it was using a
custom 3.12.1 compiler). Very quickly, building on Frederic's work, Anil and Thomas shared the task
of adding new packages and monitored the pull requests on
`opam-repository`. The initial policy was to accept as many packages as
possible, which means that things were often broken. So they started
to use background [bulks builds](https://github.com/avsm/opam-bulk-logs)
 to improve the overall repository
quality. In July 2012, Jane-Street's Core libraries made [its
apparition](https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/commit/bad688d0f49f6c750525b0047b336eb8606e419d)
 in the repository. To improve the quality of new
packages, Travis CI was [integrated](https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/commit/2671cb1e968e084c13989762ea43fc1a5b4703d7) in Sept 2013 to the pull request
process. From Aug to Nov 2013, all the contributors of `opam-repository`
were contacted to relicense their contribution to CC0, which enabled the
[move of the repository](https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/issues/955)

> to the OCaml organisation. The [opam

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `ocaml` organisation. The [opam
```

Author: Are you specifically talking about the `ocaml` command here?
